docs(checkpoint): add user guide and connector cross-references (#6985)
Eventual-Inc/Daft: docs/use-case/checkpointing.md

# Checkpointing

> Daft pipelines that do expensive per-row work — LLM calls, embeddings, model inference, FFMPEG transforms, third-party API calls — can run for hours and incur significant cost. When they fail partway through, or get rerun for non-crash reasons (a bad UDF, bad config, bad input data), a restart from scratch is wasteful. Checkpointing tracks which inputs have been processed and skips them on rerun.

Reviewer: It would be nice to have a simpler definition of checkpointing stated before we dive too far into the details. 

Something direct like: 

```suggestion
Checkpointing helps Daft pipelines avoid re-processing rows that have already been processed in the event of a failure. 

Daft pipelines that do expensive per-row work like LLM calls, embeddings, model inference, FFMPEG transforms, or third-party API calls can run for hours and incur significant cost. When they fail partway through, or get rerun for non-crash reasons (a bad UDF, bad config, bad input data), a restart from scratch is wasteful. Checkpointing tracks which inputs have been processed and skips them on rerun.
```

## Checkpointing Guarantees

> Checkpointing offers two guarantees. The first holds wherever the feature is enabled: on a rerun, the source filters out inputs that were processed in a previous run. Expensive work doesn't get repeated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkpointing offers two guarantees: 

1. Upon rerunning a pipeline, inputs that were processed in a previous run are filtered out.
```

> The second is stronger but requires the sink to cooperate. For transactional table formats like Iceberg and Delta, Daft offers idempotent commits — the destination ends up in the same state whether the job ran once or fifteen times. No duplicate snapshots, no double-committed rows. The connector pages cover which sinks support this and the per-sink details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Idempotent commits: For Iceberg and Deltalake writes, destination tables will resolve to the same state regardless if the job ran once or 15 times. 

The first guarantee applies to all write methods that support checkpointing, but the second guarantee is necessarily limited to transactional table formats like Iceberg and Delta since it takes advantage of the underlying catalogs. No duplicate snapshots, no double-committed rows. The connector pages cover which sinks support this and the per-sink details.
```
